Adds Torontonian sampling support to the Gaussian backend (#152)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  allowing a bipartite graph to be embedded on a device that allows for
  initial two-mode squeezed states, and block diagonal unitaries.

> * `measure_threshold` is now available in the Gaussian backend. [#152](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/152)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for threshold measurement in the Gaussian backend, via the new backend API
  method `measure_threshold`.
  [#152](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/152)
```
